feat: mvp doc pages (#2480)
chanzuckerberg/single-cell-data-portal: frontend/doc-site/contribute.mdx

# Contribute

## Code of conduct

To ensure a welcoming experience for our entire community, this project adheres to the Contributor Covenant [code of conduct](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/.github/tree/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [opensource@chanzuckerberg.com](mailto:opensource@chanzuckerberg.com).

If you have any questions about any of this stuff, just ask! :\)

## Contributing ideas and issues

We'd love to hear from you! Please submit any bug reports and feature requests through [Github issues](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene/issues).

## Direct contributions

> We warmly welcome contributions from the community to our [cellxgene Desktop repository](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene)! If you have an idea for a contribution, we encourage you to open a [github issue](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene/issues) to discuss your idea with our team and other community members. If your idea solves a problem for a large number of users and is aligned with core cellxgene functionality, our developers will be happy to work with you to hash out details and decisions ahead of time. Performance, usability, and extensibility are central to our application, and merging a PR will likely require a few rounds of revision with our developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We warmly welcome contributions from the community to our [cellxgene Desktop repository](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene)! If you have an idea for a contribution, we encourage you to open a [github issue](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene/issues) to discuss your idea with our team and other community members. If your idea solves a problem for a large number of users and is aligned with core cellxgene functionality, our developers will be happy to work with you to hash out details and decisions ahead of time. Performance, usability, testability, and extensibility are central to our application, and merging a PR will likely require a few rounds of revision with our developers.
```

### Getting started

If you are interested in working on `cellxgene` development, you'll need to use git to make a copy of the [project repository](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/working-with-forks) and share your changes.

Please submit any direct contributions by [forking the repository](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/working-with-forks), creating a feature branch, and [submitting a Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

First, you'll need the following installed on your machine

* python 3.6+
* node and npm \(we recommend using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) if this is your first time with node\)

Next you can build the client web assets and install all requirements by following the directions in our [dev docs](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene/blob/main/dev_docs/developer_guidelines.md#server-dev) on github.

> You can start the app while developing either by calling `cellxgene` or by calling `python -m server`. We recommend using the `--debug` flag to see more output, which you can include when reporting bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start the app while developing either by calling `cellxgene` or by calling `python -m server`. We recommend using the `--debug` flag to see more output. Please include these logs when reporting bugs.
```

> If you have any questions about developing or contributing, come hang out with us by posting an issue in our [github](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene).

Reviewer: Should we mention the public slack channel?
